Prometheus: Update default HTTP method to POST for existing data sources (#34599)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v8-0.md

##### Added OAuth support for strict parsing of role_attribute_path

> You can now configure generic OAuth with strict parsing of the `role_attribute_path`. By default, if th `role_attribute_path` property does not return a role, then the user is assigned the `Viewer` role. You can disable the role assignment by setting `role_attribute_strict = true`. It denies user access if no role or an invalid role is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now configure generic OAuth with strict parsing of the `role_attribute_path`. By default, if the `role_attribute_path` property does not return a role, then the user is assigned the `Viewer` role. You can disable the role assignment by setting `role_attribute_strict = true`. It denies user access if no role or an invalid role is returned.
```

### Elasticsearch: Use application/x-ndjson content type for multi-search requests

For multi-search requests, we now use the correct application/x-ndjson content type instead of the incorrect application/json. Although this should be transparent to most of the users, if you are running Elasticsearch behind a proxy, then be sure that your proxy correctly handles requests with this content type.

> ### Prometheus: Change default http method to POST

Author: @achatterjee-grafana This is only new change to What's new, could you please review it.

Reviewer 2: We mentioned this in 7.5 (https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v7-5/#changed-default-http-method-for-new-prometheus-data-sources). Should we mention this again?

Author: It is different. Previously we just set httpMethod to POST for new instances. This is going to change for all instances that don't have specifically selected GET/POST method - that left the http method to be default.

Reviewer: maybe we should change the title : `Change default http method to POST for existing datasources`

Author: Yeah, I like that. Updated it so it is more clear.

Reviewer 2: Update default HTTP method to POST for existing data sources

> ### Prometheus: Change default http method to POST

Author: ```suggestion
### Prometheus: Update default HTTP method to POST for existing data sources
```

> The default http method for Prometheus data source was changed from GET to POST. The POST APIs are there since January 2018 (Prometheus 2.1.0) and they have less limitations than the GET APIs. Users with Prometheus instance with version < 2.1.0 that use default http method should update their http method to GET.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default HTTP method for Prometheus data source is now POST, previously it was GET. The POST APIs are there since January 2018 (Prometheus 2.1.0) and they have fewer limitations than the GET APIs. Users with Prometheus instance with version < 2.1.0 that use the default HTTP method should update their HTTP method to GET.
```
